volumes/r14.xml:45: element nnumber: Relax-NG validity error : Did not expect element nnumber there
volumes/r14.xml:511: element nnumber: Relax-NG validity error : Did not expect element nnumber there
volumes/r14.xml:913: element nnumber: Relax-NG validity error : Did not expect element nnumber there
volumes/r14.xml:926: element nnumber: Relax-NG validity error : Did not expect element nnumber there
volumes/r14.xml:937: element nnumber: Relax-NG validity error : Did not expect element nnumber there
volumes/r14.xml:946: element nnumber: Relax-NG validity error : Did not expect element nnumber there
volumes/r14.xml:992: element nnumber: Relax-NG validity error : Did not expect element nnumber there
volumes/r14.xml:1001: element nnumber: Relax-NG validity error : Did not expect element nnumber there
volumes/r14.xml:1013: element nnumber: Relax-NG validity error : Did not expect element nnumber there
volumes/r14.xml:1026: element nnumber: Relax-NG validity error : Did not expect element nnumber there
volumes/r14.xml:1035: element nnumber: Relax-NG validity error : Did not expect element nnumber there
volumes/r14.xml:1044: element nnumber: Relax-NG validity error : Did not expect element nnumber there
volumes/r14.xml:1062: element nnumber: Relax-NG validity error : Did not expect element nnumber there
volumes/r14.xml:1072: element nnumber: Relax-NG validity error : Did not expect element nnumber there
volumes/r14.xml:1082: element nnumber: Relax-NG validity error : Did not expect element nnumber there
volumes/r14.xml:1096: element nnumber: Relax-NG validity error : Did not expect element nnumber there
volumes/r14.xml:1110: element nnumber: Relax-NG validity error : Did not expect element nnumber there
volumes/r14.xml:1120: element nnumber: Relax-NG validity error : Did not expect element nnumber there
volumes/r14.xml:1130: element nnumber: Relax-NG validity error : Did not expect element nnumber there
volumes/r14.xml:1156: element nnumber: Relax-NG validity error : Did not expect element nnumber there
volumes/r14.xml:1172: element nnumber: Relax-NG validity error : Did not expect element nnumber there
volumes/r14.xml:1182: element nnumber: Relax-NG validity error : Did not expect element nnumber there
volumes/r14.xml:1191: element nnumber: Relax-NG validity error : Did not expect element nnumber there
volumes/r14.xml:1206: element nnumber: Relax-NG validity error : Did not expect element nnumber there
volumes/r14.xml:1216: element nnumber: Relax-NG validity error : Did not expect element nnumber there
volumes/r14.xml:1230: element nnumber: Relax-NG validity error : Did not expect element nnumber there
volumes/r14.xml:1274: element nnumber: Relax-NG validity error : Did not expect element nnumber there
volumes/r14.xml:1285: element nnumber: Relax-NG validity error : Did not expect element nnumber there
volumes/r14.xml:1296: element nnumber: Relax-NG validity error : Did not expect element nnumber there
volumes/r14.xml:1315: element nnumber: Relax-NG validity error : Did not expect element nnumber there
volumes/r14.xml:1348: element nnumber: Relax-NG validity error : Did not expect element nnumber there
volumes/r14.xml:1359: element nnumber: Relax-NG validity error : Did not expect element nnumber there
volumes/r14.xml:1370: element nnumber: Relax-NG validity error : Did not expect element nnumber there
volumes/r14.xml:1396: element nnumber: Relax-NG validity error : Did not expect element nnumber there
volumes/r14.xml:1455: element nnumber: Relax-NG validity error : Did not expect element nnumber there
volumes/r14.xml:1466: element nnumber: Relax-NG validity error : Did not expect element nnumber there
volumes/r14.xml:1474: element nnumber: Relax-NG validity error : Did not expect element nnumber there
volumes/r14.xml:1483: element nnumber: Relax-NG validity error : Did not expect element nnumber there
volumes/r14.xml:1497: element nnumber: Relax-NG validity error : Did not expect element nnumber there
volumes/r14.xml:1528: element nnumber: Relax-NG validity error : Did not expect element nnumber there
volumes/r14.xml:1542: element nnumber: Relax-NG validity error : Did not expect element nnumber there
volumes/r14.xml:1552: element nnumber: Relax-NG validity error : Did not expect element nnumber there
volumes/r14.xml:1562: element nnumber: Relax-NG validity error : Did not expect element nnumber there
volumes/r14.xml:1571: element nnumber: Relax-NG validity error : Did not expect element nnumber there
volumes/r14.xml:1582: element nnumber: Relax-NG validity error : Did not expect element nnumber there
volumes/r14.xml:1596: element nnumber: Relax-NG validity error : Did not expect element nnumber there
volumes/r14.xml:1606: element nnumber: Relax-NG validity error : Did not expect element nnumber there
volumes/r14.xml:1625: element nnumber: Relax-NG validity error : Did not expect element nnumber there
volumes/r14.xml:1635: element nnumber: Relax-NG validity error : Did not expect element nnumber there
volumes/r14.xml:1644: element nnumber: Relax-NG validity error : Did not expect element nnumber there
volumes/r14.xml:1658: element nnumber: Relax-NG validity error : Did not expect element nnumber there
volumes/r14.xml:1668: element nnumber: Relax-NG validity error : Did not expect element nnumber there
volumes/r14.xml:1677: element nnumber: Relax-NG validity error : Did not expect element nnumber there
volumes/r14.xml:1693: element nnumber: Relax-NG validity error : Did not expect element nnumber there
volumes/r14.xml:1719: element nnumber: Relax-NG validity error : Did not expect element nnumber there
volumes/r14.xml:1730: element nnumber: Relax-NG validity error : Did not expect element nnumber there
volumes/r14.xml:1745: element nnumber: Relax-NG validity error : Did not expect element nnumber there
volumes/r14.xml:1759: element nnumber: Relax-NG validity error : Did not expect element nnumber there
volumes/r14.xml:1773: element nnumber: Relax-NG validity error : Did not expect element nnumber there
volumes/r14.xml:1785: element nnumber: Relax-NG validity error : Did not expect element nnumber there
volumes/r14.xml:1805: element nnumber: Relax-NG validity error : Did not expect element nnumber there
volumes/r14.xml:1822: element nnumber: Relax-NG validity error : Did not expect element nnumber there
volumes/r14.xml:1832: element nnumber: Relax-NG validity error : Did not expect element nnumber there
volumes/r14.xml:1856: element nnumber: Relax-NG validity error : Did not expect element nnumber there
volumes/r14.xml:1872: element nnumber: Relax-NG validity error : Did not expect element nnumber there
volumes/r14.xml:1897: element nnumber: Relax-NG validity error : Did not expect element nnumber there
volumes/r14.xml:1906: element nnumber: Relax-NG validity error : Did not expect element nnumber there
volumes/r14.xml:1916: element nnumber: Relax-NG validity error : Did not expect element nnumber there
volumes/r14.xml:1925: element nnumber: Relax-NG validity error : Did not expect element nnumber there
volumes/r14.xml:1944: element nnumber: Relax-NG validity error : Did not expect element nnumber there
volumes/r14.xml:1953: element nnumber: Relax-NG validity error : Did not expect element nnumber there
volumes/r14.xml:1963: element nnumber: Relax-NG validity error : Did not expect element nnumber there
volumes/r14.xml:1985: element nnumber: Relax-NG validity error : Did not expect element nnumber there
volumes/r14.xml:1997: element nnumber: Relax-NG validity error : Did not expect element nnumber there
volumes/r14.xml:2010: element nnumber: Relax-NG validity error : Did not expect element nnumber there
volumes/r14.xml:2034: element nnumber: Relax-NG validity error : Did not expect element nnumber there
volumes/r14.xml:2055: element nnumber: Relax-NG validity error : Did not expect element nnumber there
volumes/r14.xml:2082: element nnumber: Relax-NG validity error : Did not expect element nnumber there
volumes/r14.xml:2093: element nnumber: Relax-NG validity error : Did not expect element nnumber there
volumes/r14.xml:2111: element nnumber: Relax-NG validity error : Did not expect element nnumber there
volumes/r14.xml:2121: element nnumber: Relax-NG validity error : Did not expect element nnumber there
volumes/r14.xml:2131: element nnumber: Relax-NG validity error : Did not expect element nnumber there
volumes/r14.xml:2143: element nnumber: Relax-NG validity error : Did not expect element nnumber there
volumes/r14.xml:2152: element nnumber: Relax-NG validity error : Did not expect element nnumber there
volumes/r14.xml:2173: element nnumber: Relax-NG validity error : Did not expect element nnumber there
volumes/r14.xml:2182: element nnumber: Relax-NG validity error : Did not expect element nnumber there
volumes/r14.xml:2214: element nnumber: Relax-NG validity error : Did not expect element nnumber there
volumes/r14.xml:2230: element nnumber: Relax-NG validity error : Did not expect element nnumber there
volumes/r14.xml:2277: element nnumber: Relax-NG validity error : Did not expect element nnumber there
volumes/r14.xml:2314: element nnumber: Relax-NG validity error : Did not expect element nnumber there
volumes/r14.xml:2333: element nnumber: Relax-NG validity error : Did not expect element nnumber there
volumes/r14.xml:2356: element nnumber: Relax-NG validity error : Did not expect element nnumber there
volumes/r14.xml:2370: element nnumber: Relax-NG validity error : Did not expect element nnumber there
volumes/r14.xml:2381: element nnumber: Relax-NG validity error : Did not expect element nnumber there
volumes/r14.xml:2395: element nnumber: Relax-NG validity error : Did not expect element nnumber there
volumes/r14.xml:2408: element nnumber: Relax-NG validity error : Did not expect element nnumber there
volumes/r14.xml:2417: element nnumber: Relax-NG validity error : Did not expect element nnumber there
volumes/r14.xml:2426: element nnumber: Relax-NG validity error : Did not expect element nnumber there
volumes/r14.xml:2461: element nnumber: Relax-NG validity error : Did not expect element nnumber there
volumes/r14.xml:2470: element nnumber: Relax-NG validity error : Did not expect element nnumber there
volumes/r14.xml:2487: element nnumber: Relax-NG validity error : Did not expect element nnumber there
volumes/r14.xml:2496: element nnumber: Relax-NG validity error : Did not expect element nnumber there
volumes/r14.xml:2506: element nnumber: Relax-NG validity error : Did not expect element nnumber there
volumes/r14.xml:2515: element nnumber: Relax-NG validity error : Did not expect element nnumber there
volumes/r14.xml:2524: element nnumber: Relax-NG validity error : Did not expect element nnumber there
volumes/r14.xml:2533: element nnumber: Relax-NG validity error : Did not expect element nnumber there
volumes/r14.xml:2552: element nnumber: Relax-NG validity error : Did not expect element nnumber there
volumes/r14.xml:2561: element nnumber: Relax-NG validity error : Did not expect element nnumber there
volumes/r14.xml:2576: element nnumber: Relax-NG validity error : Did not expect element nnumber there
volumes/r14.xml:2585: element nnumber: Relax-NG validity error : Did not expect element nnumber there
volumes/r14.xml:2598: element nnumber: Relax-NG validity error : Did not expect element nnumber there
volumes/r14.xml:2607: element nnumber: Relax-NG validity error : Did not expect element nnumber there
volumes/r14.xml:2616: element nnumber: Relax-NG validity error : Did not expect element nnumber there
volumes/r14.xml:2624: element nnumber: Relax-NG validity error : Did not expect element nnumber there
volumes/r14.xml:2662: element nnumber: Relax-NG validity error : Did not expect element nnumber there
volumes/r14.xml:2678: element nnumber: Relax-NG validity error : Did not expect element nnumber there
volumes/r14.xml:2712: element nnumber: Relax-NG validity error : Did not expect element nnumber there
volumes/r14.xml:2751: element nnumber: Relax-NG validity error : Did not expect element nnumber there
volumes/r14.xml:2769: element nnumber: Relax-NG validity error : Did not expect element nnumber there
volumes/r14.xml:2778: element nnumber: Relax-NG validity error : Did not expect element nnumber there
volumes/r14.xml:2798: element nnumber: Relax-NG validity error : Did not expect element nnumber there
volumes/r14.xml:2807: element nnumber: Relax-NG validity error : Did not expect element nnumber there
volumes/r14.xml:2840: element nnumber: Relax-NG validity error : Did not expect element nnumber there
volumes/r14.xml:2852: element nnumber: Relax-NG validity error : Did not expect element nnumber there
volumes/r14.xml:2861: element nnumber: Relax-NG validity error : Did not expect element nnumber there
volumes/r14.xml:2874: element nnumber: Relax-NG validity error : Did not expect element nnumber there
volumes/r14.xml:2887: element nnumber: Relax-NG validity error : Did not expect element nnumber there
volumes/r14.xml:2898: element nnumber: Relax-NG validity error : Did not expect element nnumber there
volumes/r14.xml:2950: element nnumber: Relax-NG validity error : Did not expect element nnumber there
volumes/r14.xml:2966: element nnumber: Relax-NG validity error : Did not expect element nnumber there
volumes/r14.xml:2978: element nnumber: Relax-NG validity error : Did not expect element nnumber there
volumes/r14.xml:2988: element nnumber: Relax-NG validity error : Did not expect element nnumber there
volumes/r14.xml:2996: element nnumber: Relax-NG validity error : Did not expect element nnumber there
volumes/r14.xml:3022: element nnumber: Relax-NG validity error : Did not expect element nnumber there
volumes/r14.xml:3031: element nnumber: Relax-NG validity error : Did not expect element nnumber there
volumes/r14.xml:3042: element nnumber: Relax-NG validity error : Did not expect element nnumber there
volumes/r14.xml:3056: element nnumber: Relax-NG validity error : Did not expect element nnumber there
volumes/r14.xml:3076: element nnumber: Relax-NG validity error : Did not expect element nnumber there
volumes/r14.xml:3087: element nnumber: Relax-NG validity error : Did not expect element nnumber there
volumes/r14.xml:3099: element nnumber: Relax-NG validity error : Did not expect element nnumber there
volumes/r14.xml:3119: element nnumber: Relax-NG validity error : Did not expect element nnumber there
volumes/r14.xml:3136: element nnumber: Relax-NG validity error : Did not expect element nnumber there
volumes/r14.xml:3145: element nnumber: Relax-NG validity error : Did not expect element nnumber there
volumes/r14.xml:3177: element nnumber: Relax-NG validity error : Did not expect element nnumber there
volumes/r14.xml:3185: element nnumber: Relax-NG validity error : Did not expect element nnumber there
volumes/r14.xml:3211: element nnumber: Relax-NG validity error : Did not expect element nnumber there
volumes/r14.xml:3222: element nnumber: Relax-NG validity error : Did not expect element nnumber there
volumes/r14.xml:3232: element nnumber: Relax-NG validity error : Did not expect element nnumber there
volumes/r14.xml:3240: element nnumber: Relax-NG validity error : Did not expect element nnumber there
volumes/r14.xml:3248: element nnumber: Relax-NG validity error : Did not expect element nnumber there
volumes/r14.xml:3258: element nnumber: Relax-NG validity error : Did not expect element nnumber there
volumes/r14.xml:3299: element nnumber: Relax-NG validity error : Did not expect element nnumber there
volumes/r14.xml:3313: element nnumber: Relax-NG validity error : Did not expect element nnumber there
volumes/r14.xml:3321: element nnumber: Relax-NG validity error : Did not expect element nnumber there
volumes/r14.xml:3333: element nnumber: Relax-NG validity error : Did not expect element nnumber there
volumes/r14.xml:3345: element nnumber: Relax-NG validity error : Did not expect element nnumber there
volumes/r14.xml:3357: element p: Relax-NG validity error : Did not expect element p there
volumes/r14.xml:3387: element tr: Relax-NG validity error : Did not expect element tr there
volumes/r14.xml:3603: element nnumber: Relax-NG validity error : Did not expect element nnumber there
volumes/r14.xml:3619: element tr: Relax-NG validity error : Did not expect element tr there
volumes/r14.xml:3951: element tr: Relax-NG validity error : Did not expect element tr there
volumes/r14.xml:4234: element tr: Relax-NG validity error : Did not expect element tr there
volumes/r14.xml:4547: element tr: Relax-NG validity error : Did not expect element tr there
volumes/r14.xml:4845: element tr: Relax-NG validity error : Did not expect element tr there
volumes/r14.xml:5173: element tr: Relax-NG validity error : Did not expect element tr there
volumes/r14.xml:5516: element tr: Relax-NG validity error : Did not expect element tr there
volumes/r14.xml fails to validate
volumes/r22.xml validates
volumes/g02.xml:51: element div: Relax-NG validity error : Did not expect text in element div content
volumes/g02.xml:92: element firstlineinfo: Relax-NG validity error : Did not expect element firstlineinfo there
volumes/g02.xml:4162: element signatur: Relax-NG validity error : Did not expect element signatur there
volumes/g02.xml:5787: element firstlineinfo: Relax-NG validity error : Did not expect element firstlineinfo there
volumes/g02.xml:6169: element firstlineinfo: Relax-NG validity error : Did not expect element firstlineinfo there
volumes/g02.xml:8625: element firstlineinfo: Relax-NG validity error : Did not expect element firstlineinfo there
volumes/g02.xml:9855: element px: Relax-NG validity error : Did not expect element px there
volumes/g02.xml:11527: element firstlineinfo: Relax-NG validity error : Did not expect element firstlineinfo there
volumes/g02.xml:12479: element px: Relax-NG validity error : Did not expect element px there
volumes/g02.xml:12892: element lb.: Relax-NG validity error : Did not expect element lb. there
volumes/g02.xml:17288: element firstlineinfo: Relax-NG validity error : Did not expect element firstlineinfo there
volumes/g02.xml:18068: element px: Relax-NG validity error : Did not expect element px there
volumes/g02.xml:19798: element firstlineinfo: Relax-NG validity error : Did not expect element firstlineinfo there
volumes/g02.xml:22887: element firstlineinfo: Relax-NG validity error : Did not expect element firstlineinfo there
volumes/g02.xml:25503: element px: Relax-NG validity error : Did not expect element px there
volumes/g02.xml:25724: element signatur: Relax-NG validity error : Did not expect element signatur there
volumes/g02.xml:25738: element firstlineinfo: Relax-NG validity error : Did not expect element firstlineinfo there
volumes/g02.xml:28360: element px: Relax-NG validity error : Did not expect element px there
volumes/g02.xml:28624: element firstlineinfo: Relax-NG validity error : Did not expect element firstlineinfo there
volumes/g02.xml:31188: element signatur: Relax-NG validity error : Did not expect element signatur there
volumes/g02.xml:31202: element firstlineinfo: Relax-NG validity error : Did not expect element firstlineinfo there
volumes/g02.xml:33567: element firstlineinfo: Relax-NG validity error : Did not expect element firstlineinfo there
volumes/g02.xml:35375: element px: Relax-NG validity error : Did not expect element px there
volumes/g02.xml:35521: element firstlineinfo: Relax-NG validity error : Did not expect element firstlineinfo there
volumes/g02.xml:38195: element firstlineinfo: Relax-NG validity error : Did not expect element firstlineinfo there
volumes/g02.xml:40485: element firstlineinfo: Relax-NG validity error : Did not expect element firstlineinfo there
volumes/g02.xml:42145: element px: Relax-NG validity error : Did not expect element px there
volumes/g02.xml:43600: element firstlineinfo: Relax-NG validity error : Did not expect element firstlineinfo there
volumes/g02.xml:45602: element firstlineinfo: Relax-NG validity error : Did not expect element firstlineinfo there
volumes/g02.xml:48007: element firstlineinfo: Relax-NG validity error : Did not expect element firstlineinfo there
volumes/g02.xml:49981: element firstlineinfo: Relax-NG validity error : Did not expect element firstlineinfo there
volumes/g02.xml:52105: element px: Relax-NG validity error : Did not expect element px there
volumes/g02.xml:52561: element firstlineinfo: Relax-NG validity error : Did not expect element firstlineinfo there
volumes/g02.xml:52916: element px: Relax-NG validity error : Did not expect element px there
volumes/g02.xml:54382: element firstlineinfo: Relax-NG validity error : Did not expect element firstlineinfo there
volumes/g02.xml:57175: element px: Relax-NG validity error : Did not expect element px there
volumes/g02.xml:58903: element firstlineinfo: Relax-NG validity error : Did not expect element firstlineinfo there
volumes/g02.xml:60089: element px: Relax-NG validity error : Did not expect element px there
volumes/g02.xml:61292: element lb.: Relax-NG validity error : Did not expect element lb. there
volumes/g02.xml:61721: element firstlineinfo: Relax-NG validity error : Did not expect element firstlineinfo there
volumes/g02.xml:64322: element firstlineinfo: Relax-NG validity error : Did not expect element firstlineinfo there
volumes/g02.xml:66261: element px: Relax-NG validity error : Did not expect element px there
volumes/g02.xml:67262: element firstlineinfo: Relax-NG validity error : Did not expect element firstlineinfo there
volumes/g02.xml:68734: element px: Relax-NG validity error : Did not expect element px there
volumes/g02.xml:69868: element firstlineinfo: Relax-NG validity error : Did not expect element firstlineinfo there
volumes/g02.xml:72526: element firstlineinfo: Relax-NG validity error : Did not expect element firstlineinfo there
volumes/g02.xml:74976: element firstlineinfo: Relax-NG validity error : Did not expect element firstlineinfo there
volumes/g02.xml:77110: element firstlineinfo: Relax-NG validity error : Did not expect element firstlineinfo there
volumes/g02.xml:79202: element firstlineinfo: Relax-NG validity error : Did not expect element firstlineinfo there
volumes/g02.xml:81332: element px: Relax-NG validity error : Did not expect element px there
volumes/g02.xml:82044: element firstlineinfo: Relax-NG validity error : Did not expect element firstlineinfo there
volumes/g02.xml:84505: element firstlineinfo: Relax-NG validity error : Did not expect element firstlineinfo there
volumes/g02.xml:86725: element firstlineinfo: Relax-NG validity error : Did not expect element firstlineinfo there
volumes/g02.xml:88989: element firstlineinfo: Relax-NG validity error : Did not expect element firstlineinfo there
volumes/g02.xml:90067: element px: Relax-NG validity error : Did not expect element px there
volumes/g02.xml:91564: element firstlineinfo: Relax-NG validity error : Did not expect element firstlineinfo there
volumes/g02.xml:93155: element px: Relax-NG validity error : Did not expect element px there
volumes/g02.xml:93441: element firstlineinfo: Relax-NG validity error : Did not expect element firstlineinfo there
volumes/g02.xml:94874: element firstlineinfo: Relax-NG validity error : Did not expect element firstlineinfo there
volumes/g02.xml:97161: element px: Relax-NG validity error : Did not expect element px there
volumes/g02.xml:97235: element px: Relax-NG validity error : Did not expect element px there
volumes/g02.xml:97321: element firstlineinfo: Relax-NG validity error : Did not expect element firstlineinfo there
volumes/g02.xml:99443: element px: Relax-NG validity error : Did not expect element px there
volumes/g02.xml:99748: element firstlineinfo: Relax-NG validity error : Did not expect element firstlineinfo there
volumes/g02.xml:100951: element px: Relax-NG validity error : Did not expect element px there
volumes/g02.xml:102146: element px: Relax-NG validity error : Did not expect element px there
volumes/g02.xml:103268: element px: Relax-NG validity error : Did not expect element px there
volumes/g02.xml:104954: element firstlineinfo: Relax-NG validity error : Did not expect element firstlineinfo there
volumes/g02.xml:106301: element firstlineinfo: Relax-NG validity error : Did not expect element firstlineinfo there
volumes/g02.xml:109534: element px: Relax-NG validity error : Did not expect element px there
volumes/g02.xml:110509: element firstlineinfo: Relax-NG validity error : Did not expect element firstlineinfo there
volumes/g02.xml:110952: element firstlineinfo: Relax-NG validity error : Did not expect element firstlineinfo there
volumes/g02.xml:113522: element firstlineinfo: Relax-NG validity error : Did not expect element firstlineinfo there
volumes/g02.xml:115394: element px: Relax-NG validity error : Did not expect element px there
volumes/g02.xml:116388: element px: Relax-NG validity error : Did not expect element px there
volumes/g02.xml:116816: element px: Relax-NG validity error : Did not expect element px there
volumes/g02.xml:118072: element div: Relax-NG validity error : Did not expect text in element div content
volumes/g02.xml:118673: element px: Relax-NG validity error : Did not expect element px there
volumes/g02.xml:118706: element firstlineinfo: Relax-NG validity error : Did not expect element firstlineinfo there
volumes/g02.xml:119721: element px: Relax-NG validity error : Did not expect element px there
volumes/g02.xml:121272: element firstlineinfo: Relax-NG validity error : Did not expect element firstlineinfo there
volumes/g02.xml:123237: element px: Relax-NG validity error : Did not expect element px there
volumes/g02.xml:123828: element firstlineinfo: Relax-NG validity error : Did not expect element firstlineinfo there
volumes/g02.xml:126764: element px: Relax-NG validity error : Did not expect element px there
volumes/g02.xml:126875: element px: Relax-NG validity error : Did not expect element px there
volumes/g02.xml:126997: element px: Relax-NG validity error : Did not expect element px there
volumes/g02.xml:127174: element px: Relax-NG validity error : Did not expect element px there
volumes/g02.xml:127324: element firstlineinfo: Relax-NG validity error : Did not expect element firstlineinfo there
volumes/g02.xml:129706: element firstlineinfo: Relax-NG validity error : Did not expect element firstlineinfo there
volumes/g02.xml:130512: element px: Relax-NG validity error : Did not expect element px there
volumes/g02.xml:131674: element firstlineinfo: Relax-NG validity error : Did not expect element firstlineinfo there
volumes/g02.xml:132576: element px: Relax-NG validity error : Did not expect element px there
volumes/g02.xml:133485: element px: Relax-NG validity error : Did not expect element px there
volumes/g02.xml:134422: element firstlineinfo: Relax-NG validity error : Did not expect element firstlineinfo there
volumes/g02.xml:137155: element firstlineinfo: Relax-NG validity error : Did not expect element firstlineinfo there
volumes/g02.xml:139064: element signatur: Relax-NG validity error : Did not expect element signatur there
volumes/g02.xml:139100: element firstlineinfo: Relax-NG validity error : Did not expect element firstlineinfo there
volumes/g02.xml:139859: element px: Relax-NG validity error : Did not expect element px there
volumes/g02.xml:140921: element px: Relax-NG validity error : Did not expect element px there
volumes/g02.xml:141485: element px: Relax-NG validity error : Did not expect element px there
volumes/g02.xml:142399: element px: Relax-NG validity error : Did not expect element px there
volumes/g02.xml:144323: element px: Relax-NG validity error : Did not expect element px there
volumes/g02.xml:144631: element firstlineinfo: Relax-NG validity error : Did not expect element firstlineinfo there
volumes/g02.xml:144922: element px: Relax-NG validity error : Did not expect element px there
volumes/g02.xml:146531: element px: Relax-NG validity error : Did not expect element px there
volumes/g02.xml:147748: element signatur: Relax-NG validity error : Did not expect element signatur there
volumes/g02.xml:147766: element firstlineinfo: Relax-NG validity error : Did not expect element firstlineinfo there
volumes/g02.xml:149555: element px: Relax-NG validity error : Did not expect element px there
volumes/g02.xml:150160: element placename: Relax-NG validity error : Did not expect element placename there
volumes/g02.xml:152905: element firstlineinfo: Relax-NG validity error : Did not expect element firstlineinfo there
volumes/g02.xml:155365: element firstlineinfo: Relax-NG validity error : Did not expect element firstlineinfo there
volumes/g02.xml:158551: element firstlineinfo: Relax-NG validity error : Did not expect element firstlineinfo there
volumes/g02.xml:161108: element px: Relax-NG validity error : Did not expect element px there
volumes/g02.xml:161456: element px: Relax-NG validity error : Did not expect element px there
volumes/g02.xml:161652: element firstlineinfo: Relax-NG validity error : Did not expect element firstlineinfo there
volumes/g02.xml:162087: element firstlineinfo: Relax-NG validity error : Did not expect element firstlineinfo there
volumes/g02.xml:164037: element px: Relax-NG validity error : Did not expect element px there
volumes/g02.xml:164212: element firstlineinfo: Relax-NG validity error : Did not expect element firstlineinfo there
volumes/g02.xml:165264: element px: Relax-NG validity error : Did not expect element px there
volumes/g02.xml:165877: element px: Relax-NG validity error : Did not expect element px there
volumes/g02.xml:167147: element px: Relax-NG validity error : Did not expect element px there
volumes/g02.xml:167443: element firstlineinfo: Relax-NG validity error : Did not expect element firstlineinfo there
volumes/g02.xml:168322: element px: Relax-NG validity error : Did not expect element px there
volumes/g02.xml:168465: element px: Relax-NG validity error : Did not expect element px there
volumes/g02.xml:169733: element firstlineinfo: Relax-NG validity error : Did not expect element firstlineinfo there
volumes/g02.xml:170624: element table: Relax-NG validity error : Did not expect text in element table content
volumes/g02.xml:171020: element table: Relax-NG validity error : Did not expect text in element table content
volumes/g02.xml:171054: element table: Relax-NG validity error : Did not expect text in element table content
volumes/g02.xml:171069: element table: Relax-NG validity error : Did not expect text in element table content
volumes/g02.xml:171388: element px: Relax-NG validity error : Did not expect element px there
volumes/g02.xml:171870: element table: Relax-NG validity error : Did not expect text in element table content
volumes/g02.xml:172069: element placename: Relax-NG validity error : Did not expect element placename there
volumes/g02.xml:172576: element firstlineinfo: Relax-NG validity error : Did not expect element firstlineinfo there
volumes/g02.xml:174965: element firstlineinfo: Relax-NG validity error : Did not expect element firstlineinfo there
volumes/g02.xml:175544: element px: Relax-NG validity error : Did not expect element px there
volumes/g02.xml:177779: element px: Relax-NG validity error : Did not expect element px there
volumes/g02.xml:177827: element firstlineinfo: Relax-NG validity error : Did not expect element firstlineinfo there
volumes/g02.xml:181507: element px: Relax-NG validity error : Did not expect element px there
volumes/g02.xml:181875: element px: Relax-NG validity error : Did not expect element px there
volumes/g02.xml:182077: element firstlineinfo: Relax-NG validity error : Did not expect element firstlineinfo there
volumes/g02.xml:182840: element px: Relax-NG validity error : Did not expect element px there
volumes/g02.xml:183360: element px: Relax-NG validity error : Did not expect element px there
volumes/g02.xml:183900: element px: Relax-NG validity error : Did not expect element px there
volumes/g02.xml fails to validate
volumes/r30.xml:75: element span: Relax-NG validity error : Invalid attribute class for element span
volumes/r30.xml:82: element span: Relax-NG validity error : Invalid attribute class for element span
volumes/r30.xml:82: element span: Relax-NG validity error : Invalid attribute class for element span
volumes/r30.xml:83: element span: Relax-NG validity error : Invalid attribute class for element span
volumes/r30.xml:84: element span: Relax-NG validity error : Invalid attribute class for element span
volumes/r30.xml:84: element span: Relax-NG validity error : Invalid attribute class for element span
volumes/r30.xml:85: element span: Relax-NG validity error : Invalid attribute class for element span
volumes/r30.xml:85: element span: Relax-NG validity error : Invalid attribute class for element span
volumes/r30.xml:85: element span: Relax-NG validity error : Invalid attribute class for element span
volumes/r30.xml:86: element span: Relax-NG validity error : Invalid attribute class for element span
volumes/r30.xml:86: element span: Relax-NG validity error : Invalid attribute class for element span
volumes/r30.xml:98: element span: Relax-NG validity error : Invalid attribute class for element span
volumes/r30.xml:2359: element span: Relax-NG validity error : Invalid attribute class for element span
volumes/r30.xml:2358: element span: Relax-NG validity error : Invalid attribute class for element span
volumes/r30.xml:4683: element span: Relax-NG validity error : Invalid attribute class for element span
volumes/r30.xml:17611: element pat: Relax-NG validity error : Did not expect element pat there
volumes/r30.xml fails to validate
volumes/r02.xml:1043: element py: Relax-NG validity error : Did not expect element py there
volumes/r02.xml:2470: element em: Relax-NG validity error : Did not expect element em there
volumes/r02.xml:5041: element lbr: Relax-NG validity error : Did not expect element lbr there
volumes/r02.xml fails to validate
volumes/r24.xml:330: element div: Relax-NG validity error : Did not expect text in element div content
volumes/r24.xml:997: element div: Relax-NG validity error : Did not expect text in element div content
volumes/r24.xml:1664: element div: Relax-NG validity error : Did not expect text in element div content
volumes/r24.xml:2345: element div: Relax-NG validity error : Did not expect text in element div content
volumes/r24.xml:2973: element div: Relax-NG validity error : Did not expect text in element div content
volumes/r24.xml:3645: element div: Relax-NG validity error : Did not expect text in element div content
volumes/r24.xml:4291: element div: Relax-NG validity error : Did not expect text in element div content
volumes/r24.xml:4927: element div: Relax-NG validity error : Did not expect text in element div content
volumes/r24.xml:5631: element div: Relax-NG validity error : Did not expect text in element div content
volumes/r24.xml:6290: element div: Relax-NG validity error : Did not expect text in element div content
volumes/r24.xml:6977: element div: Relax-NG validity error : Did not expect text in element div content
volumes/r24.xml:7634: element div: Relax-NG validity error : Did not expect text in element div content
volumes/r24.xml:8298: element div: Relax-NG validity error : Did not expect text in element div content
volumes/r24.xml:8960: element div: Relax-NG validity error : Did not expect text in element div content
volumes/r24.xml:9627: element div: Relax-NG validity error : Did not expect text in element div content
volumes/r24.xml:10311: element div: Relax-NG validity error : Did not expect text in element div content
volumes/r24.xml:10947: element div: Relax-NG validity error : Did not expect text in element div content
volumes/r24.xml:11579: element div: Relax-NG validity error : Did not expect text in element div content
volumes/r24.xml:12267: element div: Relax-NG validity error : Did not expect text in element div content
volumes/r24.xml:12946: element div: Relax-NG validity error : Did not expect text in element div content
volumes/r24.xml:13607: element div: Relax-NG validity error : Did not expect text in element div content
volumes/r24.xml:14322: element div: Relax-NG validity error : Did not expect text in element div content
volumes/r24.xml:15018: element div: Relax-NG validity error : Did not expect text in element div content
volumes/r24.xml:15678: element div: Relax-NG validity error : Did not expect text in element div content
volumes/r24.xml:16325: element div: Relax-NG validity error : Did not expect text in element div content
volumes/r24.xml:17011: element div: Relax-NG validity error : Did not expect text in element div content
volumes/r24.xml:17679: element div: Relax-NG validity error : Did not expect text in element div content
volumes/r24.xml:18326: element div: Relax-NG validity error : Did not expect text in element div content
volumes/r24.xml:19473: element div: Relax-NG validity error : Did not expect text in element div content
volumes/r24.xml:20100: element div: Relax-NG validity error : Did not expect text in element div content
volumes/r24.xml:20401: element div: Relax-NG validity error : Did not expect text in element div content
volumes/r24.xml:21696: element LB: Relax-NG validity error : Did not expect element LB there
volumes/r24.xml:21332: element div: Relax-NG validity error : Did not expect text in element div content
volumes/r24.xml fails to validate
volumes/r04.xml:8170: element pn: Relax-NG validity error : Did not expect element pn there
volumes/r04.xml:8503: element pn: Relax-NG validity error : Did not expect element pn there
volumes/r04.xml:9113: element pn: Relax-NG validity error : Did not expect element pn there
volumes/r04.xml:9443: element pn: Relax-NG validity error : Did not expect element pn there
volumes/r04.xml:10561: element pn: Relax-NG validity error : Did not expect element pn there
volumes/r04.xml:13457: element pn: Relax-NG validity error : Did not expect element pn there
volumes/r04.xml:13849: element pn: Relax-NG validity error : Did not expect element pn there
volumes/r04.xml fails to validate
volumes/r10.xml validates
volumes/r15.xml validates
volumes/r19.xml:265: element topmidle: Relax-NG validity error : Did not expect element topmidle there
volumes/r19.xml:948: element topmidle: Relax-NG validity error : Did not expect element topmidle there
volumes/r19.xml:1591: element topmidle: Relax-NG validity error : Did not expect element topmidle there
volumes/r19.xml:2238: element topmidle: Relax-NG validity error : Did not expect element topmidle there
volumes/r19.xml:2853: element topmidle: Relax-NG validity error : Did not expect element topmidle there
volumes/r19.xml:3511: element topmidle: Relax-NG validity error : Did not expect element topmidle there
volumes/r19.xml:4160: element topmidle: Relax-NG validity error : Did not expect element topmidle there
volumes/r19.xml:4836: element topmidle: Relax-NG validity error : Did not expect element topmidle there
volumes/r19.xml:5522: element topmidle: Relax-NG validity error : Did not expect element topmidle there
volumes/r19.xml:6159: element topmidle: Relax-NG validity error : Did not expect element topmidle there
volumes/r19.xml:6792: element topmidle: Relax-NG validity error : Did not expect element topmidle there
volumes/r19.xml:7424: element topmidle: Relax-NG validity error : Did not expect element topmidle there
volumes/r19.xml:8091: element topmidle: Relax-NG validity error : Did not expect element topmidle there
volumes/r19.xml:8743: element topmidle: Relax-NG validity error : Did not expect element topmidle there
volumes/r19.xml:9395: element topmidle: Relax-NG validity error : Did not expect element topmidle there
volumes/r19.xml:10071: element topmidle: Relax-NG validity error : Did not expect element topmidle there
volumes/r19.xml:10669: element topmidle: Relax-NG validity error : Did not expect element topmidle there
volumes/r19.xml:11307: element topmidle: Relax-NG validity error : Did not expect element topmidle there
volumes/r19.xml:11979: element topmidle: Relax-NG validity error : Did not expect element topmidle there
volumes/r19.xml:12625: element topmidle: Relax-NG validity error : Did not expect element topmidle there
volumes/r19.xml:13325: element topmidle: Relax-NG validity error : Did not expect element topmidle there
volumes/r19.xml:14003: element topmidle: Relax-NG validity error : Did not expect element topmidle there
volumes/r19.xml:14698: element topmidle: Relax-NG validity error : Did not expect element topmidle there
volumes/r19.xml:15392: element topmidle: Relax-NG validity error : Did not expect element topmidle there
volumes/r19.xml:16082: element topmidle: Relax-NG validity error : Did not expect element topmidle there
volumes/r19.xml:16754: element topmidle: Relax-NG validity error : Did not expect element topmidle there
volumes/r19.xml:17402: element topmidle: Relax-NG validity error : Did not expect element topmidle there
volumes/r19.xml:18072: element topmidle: Relax-NG validity error : Did not expect element topmidle there
volumes/r19.xml:18710: element topmidle: Relax-NG validity error : Did not expect element topmidle there
volumes/r19.xml:19329: element topmidle: Relax-NG validity error : Did not expect element topmidle there
volumes/r19.xml:20015: element topmidle: Relax-NG validity error : Did not expect element topmidle there
volumes/r19.xml fails to validate
volumes/r28.xml:516: element tr: Relax-NG validity error : Did not expect element tr there
volumes/r28.xml:625: element tr: Relax-NG validity error : Did not expect element tr there
volumes/r28.xml:1052: element topmidle: Relax-NG validity error : Did not expect element topmidle there
volumes/r28.xml:2395: element signatur: Relax-NG validity error : Did not expect element signatur there
volumes/r28.xml:2445: element signatur: Relax-NG validity error : Did not expect element signatur there
volumes/r28.xml:2634: element signatur: Relax-NG validity error : Did not expect element signatur there
volumes/r28.xml:2887: element signatur: Relax-NG validity error : Did not expect element signatur there
volumes/r28.xml:2931: element signatur: Relax-NG validity error : Did not expect element signatur there
volumes/r28.xml:2992: element signatur: Relax-NG validity error : Did not expect element signatur there
volumes/r28.xml:3033: element signatur: Relax-NG validity error : Did not expect element signatur there
volumes/r28.xml:3060: element tr: Relax-NG validity error : Did not expect element tr there
volumes/r28.xml fails to validate
volumes/r09.xml:281: element signatur: Relax-NG validity error : Did not expect element signatur there
volumes/r09.xml:941: element signatur: Relax-NG validity error : Did not expect element signatur there
volumes/r09.xml:1605: element signatur: Relax-NG validity error : Did not expect element signatur there
volumes/r09.xml:2266: element signatur: Relax-NG validity error : Did not expect element signatur there
volumes/r09.xml:2909: element signatur: Relax-NG validity error : Did not expect element signatur there
volumes/r09.xml:3558: element signatur: Relax-NG validity error : Did not expect element signatur there
volumes/r09.xml:4201: element signatur: Relax-NG validity error : Did not expect element signatur there
volumes/r09.xml:4864: element signatur: Relax-NG validity error : Did not expect element signatur there
volumes/r09.xml:5535: element signatur: Relax-NG validity error : Did not expect element signatur there
volumes/r09.xml:6168: element signatur: Relax-NG validity error : Did not expect element signatur there
volumes/r09.xml:6838: element signatur: Relax-NG validity error : Did not expect element signatur there
volumes/r09.xml:7158: element LB: Relax-NG validity error : Did not expect element LB there
volumes/r09.xml:7420: element signatur: Relax-NG validity error : Did not expect element signatur there
volumes/r09.xml:8044: element signatur: Relax-NG validity error : Did not expect element signatur there
volumes/r09.xml:8696: element signatur: Relax-NG validity error : Did not expect element signatur there
volumes/r09.xml:9332: element signatur: Relax-NG validity error : Did not expect element signatur there
volumes/r09.xml fails to validate
volumes/r12.xml:1677: element topmidle: Relax-NG validity error : Did not expect element topmidle there
volumes/r12.xml:1922: element signatur: Relax-NG validity error : Did not expect element signatur there
volumes/r12.xml:3550: element signatur: Relax-NG validity error : Did not expect element signatur there
volumes/r12.xml fails to validate
volumes/r23.xml:1075: element topmidle: Relax-NG validity error : Did not expect element topmidle there
volumes/r23.xml:3229: element topmidle: Relax-NG validity error : Did not expect element topmidle there
volumes/r23.xml fails to validate
volumes/r13.xml:202: element topmidle: Relax-NG validity error : Did not expect element topmidle there
volumes/r13.xml:1598: element topmidle: Relax-NG validity error : Did not expect element topmidle there
volumes/r13.xml:2263: element topmidle: Relax-NG validity error : Did not expect element topmidle there
volumes/r13.xml:2743: element topmidle: Relax-NG validity error : Did not expect element topmidle there
volumes/r13.xml:3429: element topmidle: Relax-NG validity error : Did not expect element topmidle there
volumes/r13.xml:4142: element topmidle: Relax-NG validity error : Did not expect element topmidle there
volumes/r13.xml:4873: element topmidle: Relax-NG validity error : Did not expect element topmidle there
volumes/r13.xml:5562: element topmidle: Relax-NG validity error : Did not expect element topmidle there
volumes/r13.xml:6221: element topmidle: Relax-NG validity error : Did not expect element topmidle there
volumes/r13.xml:6909: element topmidle: Relax-NG validity error : Did not expect element topmidle there
volumes/r13.xml:7622: element topmidle: Relax-NG validity error : Did not expect element topmidle there
volumes/r13.xml:8314: element topmidle: Relax-NG validity error : Did not expect element topmidle there
volumes/r13.xml:8996: element topmidle: Relax-NG validity error : Did not expect element topmidle there
volumes/r13.xml:9682: element topmidle: Relax-NG validity error : Did not expect element topmidle there
volumes/r13.xml:10328: element topmidle: Relax-NG validity error : Did not expect element topmidle there
volumes/r13.xml:10973: element topmidle: Relax-NG validity error : Did not expect element topmidle there
volumes/r13.xml:11661: element topmidle: Relax-NG validity error : Did not expect element topmidle there
volumes/r13.xml:12998: element topmidle: Relax-NG validity error : Did not expect element topmidle there
volumes/r13.xml:13710: element topmidle: Relax-NG validity error : Did not expect element topmidle there
volumes/r13.xml:14396: element topmidle: Relax-NG validity error : Did not expect element topmidle there
volumes/r13.xml:15091: element topmidle: Relax-NG validity error : Did not expect element topmidle there
volumes/r13.xml:15804: element topmidle: Relax-NG validity error : Did not expect element topmidle there
volumes/r13.xml:16499: element topmidle: Relax-NG validity error : Did not expect element topmidle there
volumes/r13.xml:17192: element topmidle: Relax-NG validity error : Did not expect element topmidle there
volumes/r13.xml:17894: element topmidle: Relax-NG validity error : Did not expect element topmidle there
volumes/r13.xml:18607: element topmidle: Relax-NG validity error : Did not expect element topmidle there
volumes/r13.xml:19267: element topmidle: Relax-NG validity error : Did not expect element topmidle there
volumes/r13.xml:19940: element topmidle: Relax-NG validity error : Did not expect element topmidle there
volumes/r13.xml:20610: element topmidle: Relax-NG validity error : Did not expect element topmidle there
volumes/r13.xml fails to validate
volumes/r31.xml:24: element div: Relax-NG validity error : Did not expect text in element div content
volumes/r31.xml:22477: element signatur: Relax-NG validity error : Did not expect element signatur there
volumes/r31.xml fails to validate
volumes/r16.xml:711: element topmidle: Relax-NG validity error : Did not expect element topmidle there
volumes/r16.xml:1387: element topmidle: Relax-NG validity error : Did not expect element topmidle there
volumes/r16.xml:2031: element topmidle: Relax-NG validity error : Did not expect element topmidle there
volumes/r16.xml:2614: element topmidle: Relax-NG validity error : Did not expect element topmidle there
volumes/r16.xml:3257: element topmidle: Relax-NG validity error : Did not expect element topmidle there
volumes/r16.xml:3914: element topmidle: Relax-NG validity error : Did not expect element topmidle there
volumes/r16.xml:4569: element topmidle: Relax-NG validity error : Did not expect element topmidle there
volumes/r16.xml:5238: element topmidle: Relax-NG validity error : Did not expect element topmidle there
volumes/r16.xml:5873: element topmidle: Relax-NG validity error : Did not expect element topmidle there
volumes/r16.xml:6527: element topmidle: Relax-NG validity error : Did not expect element topmidle there
volumes/r16.xml:7181: element topmidle: Relax-NG validity error : Did not expect element topmidle there
volumes/r16.xml:7838: element topmidle: Relax-NG validity error : Did not expect element topmidle there
volumes/r16.xml:8499: element topmidle: Relax-NG validity error : Did not expect element topmidle there
volumes/r16.xml:9156: element topmidle: Relax-NG validity error : Did not expect element topmidle there
volumes/r16.xml:9823: element topmidle: Relax-NG validity error : Did not expect element topmidle there
volumes/r16.xml:10418: element topmidle: Relax-NG validity error : Did not expect element topmidle there
volumes/r16.xml:11053: element topmidle: Relax-NG validity error : Did not expect element topmidle there
volumes/r16.xml:11715: element topmidle: Relax-NG validity error : Did not expect element topmidle there
volumes/r16.xml:12330: element topmidle: Relax-NG validity error : Did not expect element topmidle there
volumes/r16.xml:13028: element topmidle: Relax-NG validity error : Did not expect element topmidle there
volumes/r16.xml:13683: element topmidle: Relax-NG validity error : Did not expect element topmidle there
volumes/r16.xml:14369: element topmidle: Relax-NG validity error : Did not expect element topmidle there
volumes/r16.xml:15026: element topmidle: Relax-NG validity error : Did not expect element topmidle there
volumes/r16.xml:15701: element topmidle: Relax-NG validity error : Did not expect element topmidle there
volumes/r16.xml:16394: element topmidle: Relax-NG validity error : Did not expect element topmidle there
volumes/r16.xml:17058: element topmidle: Relax-NG validity error : Did not expect element topmidle there
volumes/r16.xml:17719: element topmidle: Relax-NG validity error : Did not expect element topmidle there
volumes/r16.xml:18338: element topmidle: Relax-NG validity error : Did not expect element topmidle there
volumes/r16.xml:18955: element topmidle: Relax-NG validity error : Did not expect element topmidle there
volumes/r16.xml:19583: element topmidle: Relax-NG validity error : Did not expect element topmidle there
volumes/r16.xml fails to validate
volumes/r01.xml:8591: element div: Relax-NG validity error : Did not expect text in element div content
volumes/r01.xml:8633: element div: Relax-NG validity error : Did not expect text in element div content
volumes/r01.xml:8655: element div: Relax-NG validity error : Did not expect text in element div content
volumes/r01.xml:8668: element div: Relax-NG validity error : Did not expect text in element div content
volumes/r01.xml:8692: element div: Relax-NG validity error : Did not expect text in element div content
volumes/r01.xml:8714: element div: Relax-NG validity error : Did not expect text in element div content
volumes/r01.xml:8726: element div: Relax-NG validity error : Did not expect text in element div content
volumes/r01.xml:9412: element div: Relax-NG validity error : Did not expect text in element div content
volumes/r01.xml:10685: element div: Relax-NG validity error : Did not expect text in element div content
volumes/r01.xml:12823: element div: Relax-NG validity error : Did not expect text in element div content
volumes/r01.xml:13251: element div: Relax-NG validity error : Did not expect text in element div content
volumes/r01.xml:13640: element div: Relax-NG validity error : Did not expect text in element div content
volumes/r01.xml:15189: element div: Relax-NG validity error : Did not expect text in element div content
volumes/r01.xml:15708: element div: Relax-NG validity error : Did not expect text in element div content
volumes/r01.xml:16263: element div: Relax-NG validity error : Did not expect text in element div content
volumes/r01.xml:17845: element div: Relax-NG validity error : Did not expect text in element div content
volumes/r01.xml:19891: element span: Relax-NG validity error : Invalid attribute class for element span
volumes/r01.xml:19604: element div: Relax-NG validity error : Did not expect text in element div content
volumes/r01.xml:20663: element div: Relax-NG validity error : Did not expect text in element div content
volumes/r01.xml fails to validate
volumes/r05.xml:4097: element div: Relax-NG validity error : Did not expect text in element div content
volumes/r05.xml fails to validate
volumes/r17.xml:68: element signatur: Relax-NG validity error : Did not expect element signatur there
volumes/r17.xml fails to validate
volumes/r18.xml:356: element topmidle: Relax-NG validity error : Did not expect element topmidle there
volumes/r18.xml:1047: element topmidle: Relax-NG validity error : Did not expect element topmidle there
volumes/r18.xml:1725: element topmidle: Relax-NG validity error : Did not expect element topmidle there
volumes/r18.xml:2388: element topmidle: Relax-NG validity error : Did not expect element topmidle there
volumes/r18.xml:3023: element topmidle: Relax-NG validity error : Did not expect element topmidle there
volumes/r18.xml:3661: element topmidle: Relax-NG validity error : Did not expect element topmidle there
volumes/r18.xml:4291: element topmidle: Relax-NG validity error : Did not expect element topmidle there
volumes/r18.xml:4950: element topmidle: Relax-NG validity error : Did not expect element topmidle there
volumes/r18.xml:5589: element topmidle: Relax-NG validity error : Did not expect element topmidle there
volumes/r18.xml:6239: element topmidle: Relax-NG validity error : Did not expect element topmidle there
volumes/r18.xml:6901: element topmidle: Relax-NG validity error : Did not expect element topmidle there
volumes/r18.xml:7556: element topmidle: Relax-NG validity error : Did not expect element topmidle there
volumes/r18.xml:8226: element topmidle: Relax-NG validity error : Did not expect element topmidle there
volumes/r18.xml:8865: element topmidle: Relax-NG validity error : Did not expect element topmidle there
volumes/r18.xml:9542: element topmidle: Relax-NG validity error : Did not expect element topmidle there
volumes/r18.xml:10128: element topmidle: Relax-NG validity error : Did not expect element topmidle there
volumes/r18.xml:10758: element topmidle: Relax-NG validity error : Did not expect element topmidle there
volumes/r18.xml:11406: element topmidle: Relax-NG validity error : Did not expect element topmidle there
volumes/r18.xml:12013: element topmidle: Relax-NG validity error : Did not expect element topmidle there
volumes/r18.xml:12710: element topmidle: Relax-NG validity error : Did not expect element topmidle there
volumes/r18.xml:13358: element topmidle: Relax-NG validity error : Did not expect element topmidle there
volumes/r18.xml:14045: element topmidle: Relax-NG validity error : Did not expect element topmidle there
volumes/r18.xml:14729: element topmidle: Relax-NG validity error : Did not expect element topmidle there
volumes/r18.xml:15395: element topmidle: Relax-NG validity error : Did not expect element topmidle there
volumes/r18.xml:16069: element topmidle: Relax-NG validity error : Did not expect element topmidle there
volumes/r18.xml:16699: element topmidle: Relax-NG validity error : Did not expect element topmidle there
volumes/r18.xml:17337: element topmidle: Relax-NG validity error : Did not expect element topmidle there
volumes/r18.xml:17966: element topmidle: Relax-NG validity error : Did not expect element topmidle there
volumes/r18.xml:18551: element topmidle: Relax-NG validity error : Did not expect element topmidle there
volumes/r18.xml:19208: element topmidle: Relax-NG validity error : Did not expect element topmidle there
volumes/r18.xml fails to validate
volumes/r07.xml:4240: element row: Relax-NG validity error : Did not expect text in element row content
volumes/r07.xml:4244: element row: Relax-NG validity error : Did not expect text in element row content
volumes/r07.xml:4247: element row: Relax-NG validity error : Did not expect text in element row content
volumes/r07.xml:4251: element row: Relax-NG validity error : Did not expect text in element row content
volumes/r07.xml:4254: element row: Relax-NG validity error : Did not expect text in element row content
volumes/r07.xml:4257: element row: Relax-NG validity error : Did not expect text in element row content
volumes/r07.xml:4261: element row: Relax-NG validity error : Did not expect text in element row content
volumes/r07.xml:4267: element row: Relax-NG validity error : Did not expect text in element row content
volumes/r07.xml:4273: element row: Relax-NG validity error : Did not expect text in element row content
volumes/r07.xml:4276: element row: Relax-NG validity error : Did not expect text in element row content
volumes/r07.xml:4299: element row: Relax-NG validity error : Did not expect text in element row content
volumes/r07.xml:4303: element row: Relax-NG validity error : Did not expect text in element row content
volumes/r07.xml:4309: element row: Relax-NG validity error : Did not expect text in element row content
volumes/r07.xml:4316: element row: Relax-NG validity error : Did not expect text in element row content
volumes/r07.xml:4320: element row: Relax-NG validity error : Did not expect text in element row content
volumes/r07.xml:4323: element row: Relax-NG validity error : Did not expect text in element row content
volumes/r07.xml:4326: element row: Relax-NG validity error : Did not expect text in element row content
volumes/r07.xml:4329: element row: Relax-NG validity error : Did not expect text in element row content
volumes/r07.xml:4334: element row: Relax-NG validity error : Did not expect text in element row content
volumes/r07.xml:4337: element row: Relax-NG validity error : Did not expect text in element row content
volumes/r07.xml:4347: element row: Relax-NG validity error : Did not expect text in element row content
volumes/r07.xml:4350: element row: Relax-NG validity error : Did not expect text in element row content
volumes/r07.xml:4353: element row: Relax-NG validity error : Did not expect text in element row content
volumes/r07.xml:4356: element row: Relax-NG validity error : Did not expect text in element row content
volumes/r07.xml:4360: element row: Relax-NG validity error : Did not expect text in element row content
volumes/r07.xml:4363: element row: Relax-NG validity error : Did not expect text in element row content
volumes/r07.xml:4366: element row: Relax-NG validity error : Did not expect text in element row content
volumes/r07.xml:4371: element row: Relax-NG validity error : Did not expect text in element row content
volumes/r07.xml:4390: element row: Relax-NG validity error : Did not expect text in element row content
volumes/r07.xml:4393: element row: Relax-NG validity error : Did not expect text in element row content
volumes/r07.xml:4396: element row: Relax-NG validity error : Did not expect text in element row content
volumes/r07.xml:4399: element row: Relax-NG validity error : Did not expect text in element row content
volumes/r07.xml:4402: element row: Relax-NG validity error : Did not expect text in element row content
volumes/r07.xml:4406: element row: Relax-NG validity error : Did not expect text in element row content
volumes/r07.xml:4440: element row: Relax-NG validity error : Did not expect text in element row content
volumes/r07.xml:4443: element row: Relax-NG validity error : Did not expect text in element row content
volumes/r07.xml:4446: element row: Relax-NG validity error : Did not expect text in element row content
volumes/r07.xml:4449: element row: Relax-NG validity error : Did not expect text in element row content
volumes/r07.xml:4452: element row: Relax-NG validity error : Did not expect text in element row content
volumes/r07.xml:4475: element row: Relax-NG validity error : Did not expect text in element row content
volumes/r07.xml:4478: element row: Relax-NG validity error : Did not expect text in element row content
volumes/r07.xml:4481: element row: Relax-NG validity error : Did not expect text in element row content
volumes/r07.xml:4484: element row: Relax-NG validity error : Did not expect text in element row content
volumes/r07.xml:4506: element row: Relax-NG validity error : Did not expect text in element row content
volumes/r07.xml:4510: element row: Relax-NG validity error : Did not expect text in element row content
volumes/r07.xml:4513: element row: Relax-NG validity error : Did not expect text in element row content
volumes/r07.xml:4516: element row: Relax-NG validity error : Did not expect text in element row content
volumes/r07.xml:4519: element row: Relax-NG validity error : Did not expect text in element row content
volumes/r07.xml:4522: element row: Relax-NG validity error : Did not expect text in element row content
volumes/r07.xml:4525: element row: Relax-NG validity error : Did not expect text in element row content
volumes/r07.xml:4528: element row: Relax-NG validity error : Did not expect text in element row content
volumes/r07.xml:4531: element row: Relax-NG validity error : Did not expect text in element row content
volumes/r07.xml:4534: element row: Relax-NG validity error : Did not expect text in element row content
volumes/r07.xml:4537: element row: Relax-NG validity error : Did not expect text in element row content
volumes/r07.xml:4540: element row: Relax-NG validity error : Did not expect text in element row content
volumes/r07.xml:4555: element row: Relax-NG validity error : Did not expect text in element row content
volumes/r07.xml:4558: element row: Relax-NG validity error : Did not expect text in element row content
volumes/r07.xml:4563: element row: Relax-NG validity error : Did not expect text in element row content
volumes/r07.xml:4567: element row: Relax-NG validity error : Did not expect text in element row content
volumes/r07.xml:4571: element row: Relax-NG validity error : Did not expect text in element row content
volumes/r07.xml:4575: element row: Relax-NG validity error : Did not expect text in element row content
volumes/r07.xml:4578: element row: Relax-NG validity error : Did not expect text in element row content
volumes/r07.xml:4582: element row: Relax-NG validity error : Did not expect text in element row content
volumes/r07.xml fails to validate
volumes/r06.xml validates
volumes/r08.xml:4410: element div: Relax-NG validity error : Did not expect text in element div content
volumes/r08.xml:9013: element pm: Relax-NG validity error : Did not expect element pm there
volumes/r08.xml:22571: element tr: Relax-NG validity error : Did not expect element tr there
volumes/r08.xml fails to validate
volumes/r25.xml:873: element topmidle: Relax-NG validity error : Did not expect element topmidle there
volumes/r25.xml:2215: element topmidle: Relax-NG validity error : Did not expect element topmidle there
volumes/r25.xml:2346: element place: Relax-NG validity error : Did not expect element place there
volumes/r25.xml:2664: element place: Relax-NG validity error : Did not expect element place there
volumes/r25.xml:3282: element topmidle: Relax-NG validity error : Did not expect element topmidle there
volumes/r25.xml:3466: element signatur: Relax-NG validity error : Did not expect element signatur there
volumes/r25.xml:3530: element place: Relax-NG validity error : Did not expect element place there
volumes/r25.xml:3742: element place: Relax-NG validity error : Did not expect element place there
volumes/r25.xml:3876: element place: Relax-NG validity error : Did not expect element place there
volumes/r25.xml:4028: element place: Relax-NG validity error : Did not expect element place there
volumes/r25.xml:4192: element topmidle: Relax-NG validity error : Did not expect element topmidle there
volumes/r25.xml:4413: element signatur: Relax-NG validity error : Did not expect element signatur there
volumes/r25.xml:4585: element signatur: Relax-NG validity error : Did not expect element signatur there
volumes/r25.xml:4645: element signatur: Relax-NG validity error : Did not expect element signatur there
volumes/r25.xml fails to validate
volumes/r03.xml:11248: element span: Relax-NG validity error : Invalid attribute class for element span
volumes/r03.xml:11250: element span: Relax-NG validity error : Invalid attribute class for element span
volumes/r03.xml:11250: element span: Relax-NG validity error : Invalid attribute class for element span
volumes/r03.xml:11254: element span: Relax-NG validity error : Invalid attribute class for element span
volumes/r03.xml:11256: element span: Relax-NG validity error : Invalid attribute class for element span
volumes/r03.xml:11256: element span: Relax-NG validity error : Invalid attribute class for element span
volumes/r03.xml:11257: element span: Relax-NG validity error : Invalid attribute class for element span
volumes/r03.xml:11258: element span: Relax-NG validity error : Invalid attribute class for element span
volumes/r03.xml:11259: element span: Relax-NG validity error : Invalid attribute class for element span
volumes/r03.xml:11259: element span: Relax-NG validity error : Invalid attribute class for element span
volumes/r03.xml:11259: element span: Relax-NG validity error : Invalid attribute class for element span
volumes/r03.xml:11260: element span: Relax-NG validity error : Invalid attribute class for element span
volumes/r03.xml:11260: element span: Relax-NG validity error : Invalid attribute class for element span
volumes/r03.xml:11260: element span: Relax-NG validity error : Invalid attribute class for element span
volumes/r03.xml:11262: element span: Relax-NG validity error : Invalid attribute class for element span
volumes/r03.xml:11264: element span: Relax-NG validity error : Invalid attribute class for element span
volumes/r03.xml:11264: element span: Relax-NG validity error : Invalid attribute class for element span
volumes/r03.xml:11265: element span: Relax-NG validity error : Invalid attribute class for element span
volumes/r03.xml:11265: element span: Relax-NG validity error : Invalid attribute class for element span
volumes/r03.xml:11268: element span: Relax-NG validity error : Invalid attribute class for element span
volumes/r03.xml:11269: element span: Relax-NG validity error : Invalid attribute class for element span
volumes/r03.xml:11270: element span: Relax-NG validity error : Invalid attribute class for element span
volumes/r03.xml:11273: element span: Relax-NG validity error : Invalid attribute class for element span
volumes/r03.xml:11275: element span: Relax-NG validity error : Invalid attribute class for element span
volumes/r03.xml:11276: element span: Relax-NG validity error : Invalid attribute class for element span
volumes/r03.xml:11278: element span: Relax-NG validity error : Invalid attribute class for element span
volumes/r03.xml:11279: element span: Relax-NG validity error : Invalid attribute class for element span
volumes/r03.xml:11280: element span: Relax-NG validity error : Invalid attribute class for element span
volumes/r03.xml:11285: element span: Relax-NG validity error : Invalid attribute class for element span
volumes/r03.xml:11285: element span: Relax-NG validity error : Invalid attribute class for element span
volumes/r03.xml:11286: element span: Relax-NG validity error : Invalid attribute class for element span
volumes/r03.xml:11287: element span: Relax-NG validity error : Invalid attribute class for element span
volumes/r03.xml:11288: element span: Relax-NG validity error : Invalid attribute class for element span
volumes/r03.xml:11290: element span: Relax-NG validity error : Invalid attribute class for element span
volumes/r03.xml:11291: element span: Relax-NG validity error : Invalid attribute class for element span
volumes/r03.xml:11297: element span: Relax-NG validity error : Invalid attribute class for element span
volumes/r03.xml:11298: element span: Relax-NG validity error : Invalid attribute class for element span
volumes/r03.xml:11300: element span: Relax-NG validity error : Invalid attribute class for element span
volumes/r03.xml:11300: element span: Relax-NG validity error : Invalid attribute class for element span
volumes/r03.xml:11301: element span: Relax-NG validity error : Invalid attribute class for element span
volumes/r03.xml:11301: element span: Relax-NG validity error : Invalid attribute class for element span
volumes/r03.xml:11304: element span: Relax-NG validity error : Invalid attribute class for element span
volumes/r03.xml:11306: element span: Relax-NG validity error : Invalid attribute class for element span
volumes/r03.xml:11307: element span: Relax-NG validity error : Invalid attribute class for element span
volumes/r03.xml:11308: element span: Relax-NG validity error : Invalid attribute class for element span
volumes/r03.xml:11309: element span: Relax-NG validity error : Invalid attribute class for element span
volumes/r03.xml:11310: element span: Relax-NG validity error : Invalid attribute class for element span
volumes/r03.xml:11310: element span: Relax-NG validity error : Invalid attribute class for element span
volumes/r03.xml:11311: element span: Relax-NG validity error : Invalid attribute class for element span
volumes/r03.xml:11311: element span: Relax-NG validity error : Invalid attribute class for element span
volumes/r03.xml:11312: element span: Relax-NG validity error : Invalid attribute class for element span
volumes/r03.xml:11312: element span: Relax-NG validity error : Invalid attribute class for element span
volumes/r03.xml:11312: element span: Relax-NG validity error : Invalid attribute class for element span
volumes/r03.xml:11313: element span: Relax-NG validity error : Invalid attribute class for element span
volumes/r03.xml:11315: element span: Relax-NG validity error : Invalid attribute class for element span
volumes/r03.xml:11317: element span: Relax-NG validity error : Invalid attribute class for element span
volumes/r03.xml:11318: element span: Relax-NG validity error : Invalid attribute class for element span
volumes/r03.xml:11318: element span: Relax-NG validity error : Invalid attribute class for element span
volumes/r03.xml:11318: element span: Relax-NG validity error : Invalid attribute class for element span
volumes/r03.xml:11319: element span: Relax-NG validity error : Invalid attribute class for element span
volumes/r03.xml:11918: element div: Relax-NG validity error : Did not expect text in element div content
volumes/r03.xml:13260: element div: Relax-NG validity error : Did not expect text in element div content
volumes/r03.xml:15153: element div: Relax-NG validity error : Did not expect text in element div content
volumes/r03.xml:22503: element div: Relax-NG validity error : Did not expect text in element div content
volumes/r03.xml:25492: element div: Relax-NG validity error : Did not expect text in element div content
volumes/r03.xml:26420: element div: Relax-NG validity error : Did not expect text in element div content
volumes/r03.xml:27688: element div: Relax-NG validity error : Did not expect text in element div content
volumes/r03.xml fails to validate
volumes/r21.xml validates
volumes/g01.xml:1222: element div: Relax-NG validity error : Did not expect text in element div content
volumes/g01.xml:37611: element div: Relax-NG validity error : Did not expect text in element div content
volumes/g01.xml:45620: element div: Relax-NG validity error : Did not expect text in element div content
volumes/g01.xml:116675: element div: Relax-NG validity error : Did not expect text in element div content
volumes/g01.xml fails to validate
volumes/r11.xml:916: element tp: Relax-NG validity error : Did not expect element tp there
volumes/r11.xml:1081: element tp: Relax-NG validity error : Did not expect element tp there
volumes/r11.xml:1650: element tp: Relax-NG validity error : Did not expect element tp there
volumes/r11.xml:1782: element tp: Relax-NG validity error : Did not expect element tp there
volumes/r11.xml:2067: element tp: Relax-NG validity error : Did not expect element tp there
volumes/r11.xml:2294: element tp: Relax-NG validity error : Did not expect element tp there
volumes/r11.xml:2334: element tp: Relax-NG validity error : Did not expect element tp there
volumes/r11.xml:3186: element tp: Relax-NG validity error : Did not expect element tp there
volumes/r11.xml:3522: element tp: Relax-NG validity error : Did not expect element tp there
volumes/r11.xml:4334: element tp: Relax-NG validity error : Did not expect element tp there
volumes/r11.xml:4505: element tp: Relax-NG validity error : Did not expect element tp there
volumes/r11.xml:4581: element tp: Relax-NG validity error : Did not expect element tp there
volumes/r11.xml fails to validate
volumes/r29.xml:1103: element signatur: Relax-NG validity error : Did not expect element signatur there
volumes/r29.xml:1308: element signatur: Relax-NG validity error : Did not expect element signatur there
volumes/r29.xml:1443: element signatur: Relax-NG validity error : Did not expect element signatur there
volumes/r29.xml:1473: element signatur: Relax-NG validity error : Did not expect element signatur there
volumes/r29.xml:1562: element signatur: Relax-NG validity error : Did not expect element signatur there
volumes/r29.xml:1633: element signaturdato: Relax-NG validity error : Did not expect element signaturdato there
volumes/r29.xml:1666: element signatur: Relax-NG validity error : Did not expect element signatur there
volumes/r29.xml fails to validate
volumes/r26.xml:32: element t: Relax-NG validity error : Did not expect element t there
volumes/r26.xml:131: element p: Relax-NG validity error : Did not expect element p there
volumes/r26.xml:1260: element p: Relax-NG validity error : Did not expect element p there
volumes/r26.xml:2621: element p: Relax-NG validity error : Did not expect element p there
volumes/r26.xml:2946: element p: Relax-NG validity error : Did not expect element p there
volumes/r26.xml:3769: element p: Relax-NG validity error : Did not expect element p there
volumes/r26.xml:4745: element p: Relax-NG validity error : Did not expect element p there
volumes/r26.xml:4946: element p: Relax-NG validity error : Did not expect element p there
volumes/r26.xml:5042: element tr: Relax-NG validity error : Did not expect element tr there
volumes/r26.xml:5153: element tr: Relax-NG validity error : Did not expect element tr there
volumes/r26.xml:5360: element tr: Relax-NG validity error : Did not expect element tr there
volumes/r26.xml:5507: element tr: Relax-NG validity error : Did not expect element tr there
volumes/r26.xml:5616: element p: Relax-NG validity error : Did not expect element p there
volumes/r26.xml:5630: element tr: Relax-NG validity error : Did not expect element tr there
volumes/r26.xml:5824: element tr: Relax-NG validity error : Did not expect element tr there
volumes/r26.xml:5967: element tr: Relax-NG validity error : Did not expect element tr there
volumes/r26.xml:6541: element p: Relax-NG validity error : Did not expect element p there
volumes/r26.xml:7180: element p: Relax-NG validity error : Did not expect element p there
volumes/r26.xml:7346: element tr: Relax-NG validity error : Did not expect element tr there
volumes/r26.xml:7519: element tr: Relax-NG validity error : Did not expect element tr there
volumes/r26.xml:7925: element p: Relax-NG validity error : Did not expect element p there
volumes/r26.xml:8568: element p: Relax-NG validity error : Did not expect element p there
volumes/r26.xml:8744: element p: Relax-NG validity error : Did not expect element p there
volumes/r26.xml:9757: element p: Relax-NG validity error : Did not expect element p there
volumes/r26.xml:10408: element p: Relax-NG validity error : Did not expect element p there
volumes/r26.xml:10483: element p: Relax-NG validity error : Did not expect element p there
volumes/r26.xml fails to validate
volumes/r27.xml:736: element topmidle: Relax-NG validity error : Did not expect element topmidle there
volumes/r27.xml:1424: element topmidle: Relax-NG validity error : Did not expect element topmidle there
volumes/r27.xml:2101: element topmidle: Relax-NG validity error : Did not expect element topmidle there
volumes/r27.xml:2820: element topmidle: Relax-NG validity error : Did not expect element topmidle there
volumes/r27.xml:3494: element topmidle: Relax-NG validity error : Did not expect element topmidle there
volumes/r27.xml:4169: element topmidle: Relax-NG validity error : Did not expect element topmidle there
volumes/r27.xml:4781: element topmidle: Relax-NG validity error : Did not expect element topmidle there
volumes/r27.xml:5527: element topmidle: Relax-NG validity error : Did not expect element topmidle there
volumes/r27.xml:6222: element topmidle: Relax-NG validity error : Did not expect element topmidle there
volumes/r27.xml:6915: element topmidle: Relax-NG validity error : Did not expect element topmidle there
volumes/r27.xml:7591: element topmidle: Relax-NG validity error : Did not expect element topmidle there
volumes/r27.xml:8264: element topmidle: Relax-NG validity error : Did not expect element topmidle there
volumes/r27.xml:8958: element topmidle: Relax-NG validity error : Did not expect element topmidle there
volumes/r27.xml:9646: element topmidle: Relax-NG validity error : Did not expect element topmidle there
volumes/r27.xml:10321: element topmidle: Relax-NG validity error : Did not expect element topmidle there
volumes/r27.xml:11034: element topmidle: Relax-NG validity error : Did not expect element topmidle there
volumes/r27.xml:11656: element topmidle: Relax-NG validity error : Did not expect element topmidle there
volumes/r27.xml:12337: element topmidle: Relax-NG validity error : Did not expect element topmidle there
volumes/r27.xml:13040: element topmidle: Relax-NG validity error : Did not expect element topmidle there
volumes/r27.xml:13730: element topmidle: Relax-NG validity error : Did not expect element topmidle there
volumes/r27.xml:14450: element topmidle: Relax-NG validity error : Did not expect element topmidle there
volumes/r27.xml:15160: element topmidle: Relax-NG validity error : Did not expect element topmidle there
volumes/r27.xml:15863: element topmidle: Relax-NG validity error : Did not expect element topmidle there
volumes/r27.xml:16549: element topmidle: Relax-NG validity error : Did not expect element topmidle there
volumes/r27.xml:17224: element topmidle: Relax-NG validity error : Did not expect element topmidle there
volumes/r27.xml:17919: element topmidle: Relax-NG validity error : Did not expect element topmidle there
volumes/r27.xml:18608: element topmidle: Relax-NG validity error : Did not expect element topmidle there
volumes/r27.xml:19281: element topmidle: Relax-NG validity error : Did not expect element topmidle there
volumes/r27.xml:19947: element topmidle: Relax-NG validity error : Did not expect element topmidle there
volumes/r27.xml:20610: element topmidle: Relax-NG validity error : Did not expect element topmidle there
volumes/r27.xml:21214: element topmidle: Relax-NG validity error : Did not expect element topmidle there
volumes/r27.xml fails to validate
volumes/r20.xml:1722: element signatur: Relax-NG validity error : Did not expect element signatur there
volumes/r20.xml fails to validate
